The old man is asleep, but he's not getting up.
He's sleeping like a baby.
He's not waking up.
I don't know if he's awake or not.
I don't know why he's sleeping like this.
He's sleeping because he's tired.
He's sleeping like a baby.
The rain is falling.
I don't know why he's sleeping like this.
He's sleeping like a baby.
As soon as you dress him in a garland of mud,
you'll be able to capture him quickly.
This is momentous.
If you agree to it...
Ouch!
He is getting very cold.
That coward is womanizing up today.
This guy looks way more clever than Kano kale.
He's definitely not the king ofann Maggie.
From calling him eigentlich Knogging from the front, dish washing is,
if you want Ken-nagashi's innermost envy in the first place.
Come on, thread the spinning net we made earlier.
And all they have to do is pray for us so they put this
jewel on its way, next time Spring takes place.
I'm having a bad headache...
What?
I'm counting on you.
What? I'm counting on you.
I've been waiting for you.
I'm counting on you.
Where is Suzuki?
I'm here.
You fool.
I'm the one who's been waiting for you.
Come on, get up.
Hey, you.
Go to Inoueya.
Go to Oda from Inoueya.
Go to Nakamura.
If you get up here, come here.
Who's got a man?
I'm alone.
What are you talking about?
I'm in Japan.
I'm a prisoner.
You're in the center.
Come on, get in here.